Divided by Plane
################


:date: 2023-01-26
:category: blog
:author: koohyar

.. image:: images/changes.svg
	:width: 640px
	:align: center
	:alt: xh_string

Uniform Surfaces
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The practice of keeping your etiquette while in circuits makes you pick up
habits you did not use to have before. Idle times need not much conformation.
You keep your base vectors tidy and all else is simply enjoying invariance when
going through transpositions. Nothing requires you to report your changes. But
momentum days and all the logging fuss along with the excitements of new paths,
new levels and new discrete transformations start to change you in interesting
ways. You grow curious about what might be left of what used to be your
invariance. Others share your enthusiasm and you get more adept at noticing
perturbations, anywhere! You keep checking your logs every half an odd cycle
and discuss with fellows of the same scope. It is mostly simply enumeration,
sure. But fascination with being factorized and put back with smaller residuals
will not leave you for a good while. 

Interesting is how you would still check your base vectors every now and then.
That is to say, despite the growing confidence of keeping multiplications in
tact, and that with no units, it feels somehow pleasant to consider your own
single process from time to time. The tendency to go through all the arithmetic
with solid standard summations, deducing units at every successor operation, and
waiting for yourself to accumulate linearly takes you back to your earlier self
in a nice way, similar to when idle times used to be simply keeping your
invariance; not much of the more complicated and advanced joy of being
factorized with novel encodings to be put back together to see how much of the
world is left on your orbits in order to make sure you are not messing with the scopes of
your fellows in the circuit.

Maybe it is the new implementations, or some changes in the semantics of how
actual residuals can be represented; part of new techniques have you store your
results already in arguments instead of a classic recursion. In any case,
the cool and important niceties of more advanced formulations seem to also have
a way of nudging you to check back on your simple column-wise invarinces, just
for yourself. As if you might need them for some other detailed balance, or
possibly another peace of scope for the sake of your own energy levels. It is
happy to notice it. One might also find themselves saving on a lot index work.
