Nameless Boundaries
###################

:date: 2022-09-07
:category: blog
:author: koohyar


Bounds
~~~~~~
The leaves are quite nice in this time of the year. The colorshift uses most of
the domain almost wherever you end up. Nobody leads, nothing is bi-partite and
fancy, the formatters are identical within and out of scopes. The returned types
should not matter so much in these times. Tailing contexts are everywhere and
proofs are somewhat similar. Sorry, I meant to say specs. Specs, are what are
somewhat similar. It takes time to get used to the wording when most of your
partitions are not normalized. The precision point is something you would care
to let pass and you lose a sense of technicality. It should not matter, really.
But when you miss the point and call it a proof, no labor work is tended to.
They should be acknowledged as specs.
Anyway, the colorshift has your context lagging behind you as you change scopes
and the lack of linear precision is a breeze. 

..  code-block:: sh

	# lattice : 
	./a.out < world.txt
	clb=
	readarray wrld_lns -C clb -c1 < world.txt
	echo ${wrld_lns[@]}
	

Little do we know, the famous chair started returning bubbles the other day! It must
be the leaves and all the canonical setting. The beads start to appear every
modulo and vanish back to main scopes! Lazy logger checked them a couple of
times and it bothers nothing. Some partitions get chilly and have to temporarily
leave the scope when the bubbles appear, but they don't mind. Paritions keep it
sports when it comes to invariance. They'd read your logs back to yourself if
they have to, but they move with the changes. It's impressive how they can hold
projections for as long as a whole linkage. You'd think windblowers... well,
Î²-arrangments would mess with their specs, but no, they link and they change
with anything that changes. It's pretty comfy.
