Specs and Metrics
#################


:date: 2022-11-06
:category: blog
:author: koohyar

.. image:: images/plateau.svg
	:alt: xh_string

Canonical Blocks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Abstracts should be promoted", we read early morning on sticker notes around
the terminal. There had been revalations in some partition design and we had
until autumn to read up or start to copy the correct things. Eventually, most of
it would be just checking new stuff others had formatted, but it was important
to know that your syntax stays correct. 

Cool is, that a good part of everything stays the same. But scopes have these
new "views", from where all the bounding quantifiers look so tidy that you'd
want to leave your own scope for a while and watch the circuitry! By the time
you are back in your own scope most of what you needed to enumerate will have
high-quality residuals attached to it! You can make new sense of your own bounds
and all of this with no numbers: you had a view, you get projections, it is
nicely designed to work with no parallel assumptions. It is pretty fascinating.

Autumn is also far away, so there is plenty of room to look around the new
scopes and learn what to copy, what to curry, etc. Formats are not recursive, is
the main point. The rest is good corollary skills.

But recovering from syntactical problems will be the all new side of it! You end
up worring less about the curries, less hassle with enumeration. Mostly, union
would be worth your while and you get cool and simple shifts that actually work
the way you would understand, instead of simply reducing everything.

By the time everybody gets comfortable enough with the design, eigenstates and
shared scopes will have been all nicely formatted. We'll have less of the
uncalled for painting and zipping, they are shifts and shifts away and recurse
to their own bounds. The arithmetics is difficult, though. But there seems to be
enough number of empty views to try out all the new functions and see how they
map. 
